Re-introduce the Jenkins Core BOM support + Update Animal Sniffer from 1.17 to 1.18 (#257)
jenkinsci/plugin-pom: README.md

    mvn -Dhudson.Main.development=false hpi:run

## Jenkins Core BOM

Since version 2.195, Jenkins provides a [Maven Bill Of Materials (BOM)](https://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-dependency-mechanism.html#Importing_Dependencies)
that centrally defines versions of various libraries used by Jenkins Core.

> The default behaviour of `plugin-pom` is to _not_ use the BOM, but when jenkins.version>=2.195 (and plugin-pom>=4.0) you can switch on Jenkins BOM support by setting the Maven property `use-jenkins-bom`.

Reviewer: This isn't actually going to be 4.0 any more.

```suggestion
The default behaviour of `plugin-pom` is to _not_ use the BOM, but when jenkins.version>=2.195 (and plugin-pom>=3.54) you can switch on Jenkins BOM support by setting the Maven property `use-jenkins-bom`.
```
